You are the descendant Li Yuyang, who borrowed the sword from the ancestor
Wanhei Arrow, this is the life of the Sword Immortal, you
How could it be?
Don't worry about it.
If you have the ability, pick me up one more thing.
No matter what means you use
Depending on your innate perfection
I want to destroy your rude nature
Still disregarding small wealth
Really?
Soldiers surrender
This is the strongest body
Take my sword again
Please don't
Don't be impulsive, let's talk well
Don't you want to be reasonable?
I can be reasonable.
to
You didn't say who's all to
knife
Swords fire in the sky
We go to the sword of the Son of Heaven
Jianjiu Wanjian Kaitian